Mr. Lin, do you know him?
You know, you just asked and gave it a try.
Get to know each other. Mr. Lin,
Thank you for your patience. I will be your full-time driver from now on.
Yes, yes, driver.
Quietly, you also whispered. Just be my full-time driver.
Try it, it's really good.
Really, rigorously, we will work in a company from now on.
Please be careful and take good care of me in the future.
Yes, what did you buy? Did you buy it for me?
Mr. Lin, I'm sorry, I brought this with you at the same time.
Mr. Lin, what would you like to drink?
I'll take you to buy it right away
Mr. Lin, Mr. Lin, wait for me.
You guys are busy first, I'm leaving
Goodbye, just drive hard
drive drive drive drive
Go, don't go, drive
OK, thanks